Alpha Gordon, how dare you, trespass into our territory, are you declaring war on the hunters?
No, I'm here as a civilian, I'm here to collect my luck, Esther.
She's a hunter and she's my daughter.
It's because of your existence that she and my granddaughter are exiled for more than a decade.
Believe me when I say, I'll do anything.
And now, if you want to see her, you have to go through me.
Very well.
Do you grab it all, man? I should have just stayed home.
I got this, my king.
Don't kill him. We don't want to start a war with the bloody moon, Daniel.
Lock him in the dungeon.
I want to see my history one more time.
Granted, lock him up with her.
Your sentencing will be announced soon.
Why didn't we just kill him here, right now, Daniel?
If Gordon and Esther are both here, then their hybrid must be closed.
We'll take care of all of them and she's here.